Phlagrant Modules to be created
---------------------------------------

1) Need to add the ability to fire up multiple boxes in multiple projects, so we generate the box name to phlagrant-box-{$dirname}
Then we still get our default single box, and can have more than one in a phlangrantfile (as opposed to multiple phlagrantfiles)?
or do we want multiple?

2) need to add destroy hooks that run uninstall provisioners, ie remove host file entry

3) set correct share folder, not /var/www. I think this needs to be in cleofy, so it cant be a generic auto anymore
   it only has one qustion in cleo "share_directory" which is /var/www/pharoah-tools



phlagrant command list
-------------------------
ssh-config   outputs OpenSSH valid configuration to connect to the machine
 - get machine connect details from papyrus-local (papyrus commit/push papyrus-local dont)
 - display the details
 - 1 day






DONE
------------------

ssh DONE auto-ssh cli
connects to machine via SSH
             invoke ssh using the ssh params configured during phlagrant up and put into local-papyrus
 - get machine connect details from papyrus-local (papyrus commit/push papyrus-local dont)
 - get id from name
 - invokessh with these details
 - 1/2 days

package      packages a running vagrant environment into a box
THIS WILL BECOME BOX PACKAGE

box DONE box add, box remove
    add - manages boxes: installation, removal, etc. download/install/remove a base box

provision DONE phlagrant provision now
    now -provisions the vagrant machine, install pharoah and execute pharoah autopilots
reload  DONE phlagrant up reload
    restarts vagrant machine, loads new Vagrantfile configuration

status  DONE phlagrant status full, show
    phlagrant status full     outputs status of the vagrant machine
    phlagrant status show     outputs status of the vagrant machine

destroy DONE phlagrant destroy now
    phlagrant destroy now, stops and deletes all traces of the vagrant machine

halt DONE stops the vagrant machine
    phlagrant halt hard, stops with hard power button
    phlagrant halt now, stops with ssh shutdown, then soft power button, then hard power button

help DONE shows the help for a subcommand
    phlagrant *MODULE* help

init DONE is flirt (or init works too, if you must)
    phlagrant flirt now  initializes a new Vagrant environment by creating a Vagrantfile

resume DONE phlagrant resume now
    phlagrant resume now, resume a suspended vagrant machine, resume the box described in papyruslocal

suspend DONE - THIS IS NOW HALT SUSPEND/PAUSE
   phlagrant halt suspend, suspends the machine
   phlagrant halt pause, suspends the machine

up     DONE -
   phlagrant up now --modify --provision, starts, modifies hardware of and provisions the vagrant environment






STUFF TO DOCUMENT
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Concepts

Phlagrantfile
    This file describes how Phlagrant will set up your Virtual Machine. Phlagrantfiles all extend the base
    PhlagrantfileBase Model, in the PhlagrantRequired Module complete. This base model provides groups of
    default settings for your Virtual Machines. You

Networking
    Basic Usage
    Forwarded Ports
    Private Network
    Public Network

Synced Folders

Providers
    I've *mostly* built in readiness for other providers, need to put vboxmange commands through a wrapper class of
    of methods.Make all calls to vboxmange shell commands into calls to a wrapper, so that we can use other providers.
    VirtualBox - This comes with using the vboxmanage wrapper commands already used.
    VMware - Contact VMWare and ask them to write their own one? After above wrapper is made

Plugins
    The software is built on the Pyramid framework as are all Pharoah tools, and extensions are written and provided
    through Pyramid modules. Click here for more information on Pyramid module development in general.

Command-Line Interface

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Phlagrant is (believe it or not) based heavily on ideas made famous in the Ruby tool Vagrant.

Phlagrant is primarily a command line tool, is done through the command-line interface.
The interface is available using the phlagrant command, and comes installed with Vagrant automatically. The phlagrant
command in turn has many subcommands, such as phlagrant up, phlagrant destroy, etc.

As with all Pharoah Tools, running the command with no modules, parameters or actions will display a list, help
will be displayed showing all available subcommands.

Further, you can run any Phlagrant module with the help action to output help about that module. For example,
try running phlagrant init -h. The help will output a one
sentence synopsis of what the command does as well as a list of all the flags the command accepts. In depth
documentation and use cases of various Vagrant commands is available by reading the appropriate sub-section available
in the left navigational area of this site.

Prerequisites:
We must have an SSH Client installed on the Original Box.
We must have at least one user with sudo capability (root if you absolutely must) on the Original Box.
Currently we need to have Virtualbox Guest Additions installed on the Image

------------------------------------------------------------------------------